docs: deploy Keptn via ArgoCD (#3256)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/installation/index.md

[Running Keptn with vCluster](./configuration/vcluster.md)
for more information.

> If you want to deploy Keptn via [ArgoCD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy Keptn via [ArgoCD](https://argoproj.github.io/cd/),
```
